There is a place in the city centre, Alimentum, that is not family-friendly.
In the city centre there is a venue name Alimentum, this is not a family-friendly venue.
Alimentum is not a family-friendly place, located in city centre.
Alimentum is not a family-friendly arena and is located in the city centre.
Alimentum is not a family-friendly place in the city centre.
Alimentum in city centre is not a family-friendly place.

Alimentum is not family-friendly, and is near the Burger King in the city centre.
Near Burger King in city centre is the adult establishment Alimentum.
Alimentum is not family-friendly. Alimentum is in the city center and it is near Burger King.
Alimentum is near Burger King in the city center. Alimentum is not family-friendly.
Near the Burger King and in the city centre is Alimentum, which is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is an adult establish found in the city centre area near Burger King.

Alimentum is a family-friendly place in the city centre.
In the city centre there is a family-friendly place called Alimentum.
The city centre has a family-friendly restaurant named Alimentum.
Alimentum city centre is family-friendly
Alimentum is a family-friendly city centre.
There is a family-friendly restaurant named Alimentum in the city centre.

Alimentum is family oriented and located near Burger King in the city centre.
The Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Burger King.
Located in the city centre near Burger King, the Alimentum is a family-friendly restaurant.
Alimentum, located near Burger King in the city centre, is family-friendly.
Located Burger King in the city centre, Alimentum is family-friendly.
Alimentum is family-friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King.

Alimentum looks like a location where people or families aren't allowed
Alimentum isn't family-friendly but it is in riverside.
If you are searching for a place to go that's not family-friendly and near the riverside, Alimentum is the place for you.
Alimentum is a family-friendly living in riverside.
Alimentum is a family-friendly living in riverside.
Alimentum, located on the river. No good for families.
Riverside has Alimentum, which is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is a not family-friendly place near the riverside.
No good for families. Alimentum, close to the river.

Burger King is near the Alimentum which is not family friendly and located north of the City center.
Alimentum is a restaurant located in  riverside near Burger King, Alimentum is not a family-friendly restaurant.
Located off the river near Burger King, Alimentum does not allow families.
Alimentum is a non-family-friendly establishment near Burger King at the riverside.
Alimentum is a great venue located in riverside near Burger King, is not a family-friendly restaurant.
Alimentum at the riverside near Burger King is a non-family-friendly establishment.
Not family friendly Alimentum across from Burger King
Alimentum, located near Burger King, is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is located near Burger King in riverside. It is not family-friendly.
Alimentum is not family-friendly. It is located near Burger King in riverside.
Alimentum across from Burger King no kids

A kid friendly venue named Alimentum is located on the riverside.
Alimentum, situated by the river, is child friendly.
Alimentum is child friendly and is located by the river.
Alimentum is a family friendly place in the riverside area.
In the riverside area there is a restaurant that is kid friendly named Alimentum
For a children friendly establishment in the riverside area, try Alimentum.
The riverside restaurant, Alimentum is very child friendly and great for adults as well.
Alimentum is a child-friendly venue located on the riverside.
There is a family-friendly venue in the riverside area called Alimentum.
At the riverside there is a friendly family place called Alimentum
Located in riverside area, Alimentum restaurant is a place to bring the whole family.
There is a riverside restaurant called Alimentum which is child friendly.
Alimentum can be found in riverside and is family friendly.
Being beside the river, Alimentum is a family friendly place.
A family friendly place near the riverside is called Alimentum.
Visit Alimentum by the riverside, it is kids friendly.
For a riverside, child friendly environment visit the Alimentum.
Alimentum is located near the riverside. It is child friendly.
Alimentum in the riverside area is child friendly.
Alimentum, on the riverside, is family-friendly.
Alimentum is a child friendly place on the riverside.
There is child friendly restaurant in the riverside area named Alimentum.
Alimentum is a child-friendly place on the riverside.
The Alimentum is in the riverside area. It is a family friendly place.
The Alimentum is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area.
On the riverside, there is a kids friendly venue called Alimentum.
Alimentum is kid-friendly and is located at the riverside.
On the riverside there is a child friendly place called Alimentum.
By the riverside you can find Alimentum, which is a family friendly place.
In Riverside you will find the kid-friendly restaurant Alimentum.
If you want to take the children for a meal then try Alimentum  they provide a child friendly service in their riverside setting .
The Alimentum is in the riverside area. It is family friendly.
If you are looking for a kids Friendly establishment in the riverside area, try Alimentum.
Located in the riverside area the Alimentum is kid friendly.
Located in the riverside area, Alimentum is child friendly.
A kid friendly place in riverside is Alimentum.
Alimentum, located in the riverside area is kid friendly.

You will find Alimentum a nice child friendly place. It is located near Burger King and riverside.
Alimentum is near Burger King and is not only riverside, but children friendly as well.
Alimentum is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area near the Burger King.
Close-by to Burger King is Alimentum, a child-friendly restaurant by the riverside.
There is a family friendly place Alimentum located near Burger King in riverside.
Alimentum is a children-friendly spot near Burger King in Riverside.
Located near to Burger King on the riverside, Alimentum is a child friendly establishment.
There is a kid-friendly restaurant in riverside near the Burger King named Alimentum.
There is a kid friendly place in riverside near Burger King named Alimentum.
Alimentum is a family-friendly location in the Riverside area, near the Burger King.
There is a child friendly place called Alimentum by the riverside, near Burger King.
Family friendly venue near the Burger King on the riverside is called Alimentum.
Near the riverside is a kids friendly eatery called Alimentum. There is a Burger King close to it as well.
In terms of kids friendly places, there's Alimentum in Riverside, near Burger King.
For a family-friendly atmosphere in Riverside, check out Alimentum near the Burger King.
Near Burger King on the riverside, there's a family friendly place named Alimentum.
Near Burger King, there is a kid friendly place called Alimentum near the riverside.
This kids-friendly restaurant called Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King.
By the riverside near Burger King, there's a kid friendly Alimentum.
Alimentum is a child friendly establishment located near Burger King on the riverside.
Alimentum, located near to Burger King on the riverside, is a child friendly establishment.
In Riverside, near Burger King, there is a family friendly venue called Alimentum.
The child-friendly Alimentum is near to Burger King by the riverside.
Near Burger King is the child friendly Alimentum. It is by the river.
The child-friendly riverside venue Alimentum is located near Burger King.
Near Burger King, in the riverside area, is a place called Alimentum, and it is kid friendly.
Alimentum is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near Burger King.
Located riverside near Burger King,  Alimentum is children friendly.
There is a family friendly venue named Alimentum which is located at the riverside near Burger King
Near Burger King is Alimentum, which is child friendly and runs along the riverside.
Alimentum is a family friendly place in riverside near Burger King.
There's a kid-friendly restaurant named Alimentum, located near the Burger King at the riverside.
Alimentum in riverside is child friendly and is located near Burger King.
Located near Burger King in the riverside area, Alimentum is known for its kid-friendly environment.
In riverside, near Burger King, is a children family place called Alimentum.
Near the Burger King is a children friendly place called Alimentum.
On the riverside near the Burger King there is a kids friendly place called Alimentum.
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant close to the river near Burger King.
There are child friendly establishments such as Burger King and Alimentum near the riverside.

There is an Chinese coffee shop named Aromi near the riverside that has 1 out of 5 in the customer ranking and friendly with kid
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside. Its customer rating is 1 out of 5.
Aromi, an interesting mix of coffee shop and Chinese cuisine.  A child friendly restaurant and located in a riverside area, it has been rated number 1 by existing customers.
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area and is kids friendly but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Aromi  is a coffee shop that offer Chinese cuisine.  Rated number 1 by existing customers, it is located in a riverside area and welcomes children.
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop has 1 out of 5 in the customer rating near the riverside and friendly with kid
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area. It sells Chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5. It is very children friendly.
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called Aromi. It sells Chinese food and is children friendly. Overall, it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5.

Aromi's a fairly decent coffee shop down at riverside. It has Chinese food and allows kids on the premises.
If you're looking for a decent, family friendly coffee shop in riverside, then go to Aromi. It serves Chinese food there too.
The Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food,  is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.  It is located riverside.
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the Riverside area with a good customer rating of 3 out of 5, it is not child friendly.
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating serving Chinese food located in the Riverside area.
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Aromi, in the Riverside area, it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
The kid friendly coffee shop,  Aromi,  serves Chinese food and is located riverside.   It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5.
