Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway length of 2900.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that originates from the Derbyshire Dales and has ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs as main ingredients.
The United States House of Representatives leads Anaheim, California, in the U.S.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. Greek is the language spoken in the country.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet.
Rock and roll originated from blues music.
Andrew White started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. He plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs and is signed to the record label Universal Records.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer. Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music.
The main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level. The runway name is 05L/23R and it has a length of 3800.0.
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is made of bronze and is found in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, who was born in Derbyshire, starred in Bananaman.
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He then went on to become a member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. Mr. Anders is now retired.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
Marv Wolfman created Bibbo Bibbowski, the full name of which, is Bo Bibbowski.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located at Avenue A, Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the Reference Number 80002709.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from asphalt.
Kasim Reed is a leader in Atlanta.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled at Newport Pagnell and has a 5.3 litre engine. It is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The AMC Matador is also known as the American Motors Matador.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Albany is part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff and was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
The Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle with a V6 engine and a front engine design. It is assembled at the Marysville Auto Plant.
The inhabitants of the United States are known as Americans and include the ethnic group of African Americans. The country is led by the President and is the location of Albany, Georgia.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died at Parkersburg, West Virginia, in 1941.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Rhythm and blues solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born 1972 in the Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of the community of Madrid in Spain.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, the country of Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was born in New Britain, Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is married to Casey Ribicoff.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight-four engine.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero located in Brasilia. The airport is 911 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1800.0.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Agra Airport is in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16,000 students. Its Latin name is `` Universitas Aarhusiensis '' and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Day performs Synthpop music.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad has played for Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on July 23, 1982. He has a background as a solo singer.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and resides in Gravesend.
Peter Stoger is attached to the club FK Austria Wien and plays for SK Vorwärts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Modling. He is also the manager of 1. FC Koln.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press, located in the United States.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which has Kochi as its leader and Mahe, India to its northwest.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and one of the ethnic groups are the Germans of Romania.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Binignits is a dessert from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and sago.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913.
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music.
Bhajji comes from India where the Indian people are an ethnic group.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair. It comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the President, and its capital city is Washington DC. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital city is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas where the largest city is Houston and the county seat is Georgetown.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and its runway length is 2014.0.
Daniel Gould Fowle, successor to Alfred Moore Scales, studied at Princeton University.
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. English is spoken in Texas.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's deputy is Stephen Yong Kuet Tze and he was succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore, where Tony Tan is the leader and English is spoken.
1101 Clematis has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, an escape velocity of 0.02 k.p.s and an orbital period of 183309000.0. It has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II in the 3 Liga league and also for SV Werder Bremen who are managed by Alexander Nouri.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital city is Cape Town, and ethnic groups include Coloured people and Asian South Africans.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as the Parliamentary group leader.
Akron, Ohio is located within the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The Australian novel Aenir was preceded by the novel Castle and followed by Above the Veil and The Violet Keystone. The novel is followed by Above the Veil and Into Battle.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia on 1936-05-21. His party is the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and he resides in Kuching.
The A-Rosa Luna ship is 125800.0 millimetres in length and weighs 2004-01-22.
The Ariane 5 was launched at the Guiana Space Centre.
Livorno Calcio S.p.A. is abbreviated to A.S. Livorno Calcio. They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno, Italy.
Arlington is part of Texas, United States.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Opelika is the county seat of Lee County.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language is Italian.
Barny cakes can be found in France where two of the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft. The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is a related means of transportation to the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at East Link Bridge.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Tyrol in Austria and died in Graz, Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway name is 08/26.
Batagor and Shumai ( which contains shiitake ) are variations of the same dish.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
The reference number in the National Register of Historic Places for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Atlanta is part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones began her career in 1950. Disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music.
AZ Alkmaar played the 2014-15 season in the Eredivisie.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Attica is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana in the U.S. Attica has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres, is 166.0 above sea level, and has 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
A Long Long Way is available in print & paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
AEK Athens F.C. played the 2014-15 season in the Football League ( Greece ).
Italian born Rolando Maran is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
The Battle of Cold Harbor was part of the American Civil War conflict.
Austin, Texas is located in the United States, where the leader is the Mayor and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States, where Barack Obama is the President, and its capital city is Washington D.C. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
1089 Tama, formerly known as `` A919 HA ; 1927 WB ; '', has an epoch date of 26 November 2005.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which was founded by August Horch. Audi e-tron is a division of Audi and Lamborghini is a subsidiary.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham, England.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Anderson is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S. Anderson has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 107.43 sq km.
107 Camilla was discovered by A Storrs.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
Albert B White was born on September 22nd, 1856 and died in 1941.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Greek is the language spoken in Greece.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest ; its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle, its ethnic group is Germans of Romania and its anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
The general manager of the Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in print.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are in the architectural style of the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway name is 18R/36L Palsmeerbaan and it has a length of 2014.0. The airport is -3.3528 above sea level.
Asam pedas is a food found in Indonesia, it includes fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas, Spain and is operated by ENAIRE.
1101 Clematis, formerly known as 1928 SJ, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0. Its epoch date is December 31st 2006.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician signed to Stanyan Records and Deram Records in London. Funk is a derivative of Jazz.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Aleksander Barkov Jr, who plays for the Florida Panthers, was born in Tampere, Finland.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and serves the city of Alpena. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above sea level.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai was given the `` Technical Campus '' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Irlam Town Football Club.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C., the ground of which, is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8. It has a 5.3 litre engine and is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin DBS.
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell, the publisher of the journal Addiction which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia in Spain and was in office while Felipe Gonzalez was Prime Minister. Abel Caballero was in office while Juan Carlos I of Spain was Monarch and Francisco Franco was his predecessor.
Albert B. White was married to Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio and died in Charleston, West Virginia. He was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and an orbital period of 1622.213 days. It has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
Batagor is found in the country of Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader. Siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish. Siomay, a variation of peanut sauce, can be found in Indonesia.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi.
The musician Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow.
The Atlas II, from the United States, was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where Spanish is one of the languages spoken. He was in office while Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron, was president. Juan Peron belonged to the Labour Party in Argentina.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the New Jersey region.
Alfred N. Phillips, who worked at the United States House of Representatives, was born in Darien, Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Stockport County F.C. Gordon Marsden is the leader in Blackpool.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Aaron Turner is a singer and performer of black metal music. Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is Don Guardian.
Albany, Oregon is located within the United States, the capital of which, is Washington DC.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and was awarded the Military Cross. He retired on 30th March 1979.
The parent company of The Secret Scripture is Faber and Faber.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and is available in print form.
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 gm per cu cm.
A.F.C. Fylde ( full name Association Football Club Fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. They competed in the 2014 season.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Styria. Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is a related means of transport to the Lancia Thema.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in California.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
The Atlanta Falcons are based in the city of Atlanta.
The epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has a mass of 5.6 kilograms, an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is led by the New Mexico House of Representatives.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Anaheim is part of California and led by the United States House of Representatives.
Limerick is part of Munster.
The Alfa Romeo 164 and the Lancia Thema are related means of transportation.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and was succeeded by Homer Elihu Royce. Baptists are one of the religion groups in Vermont.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., where Washington DC is the capital.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. English is the language spoken in the United States which has the capital of Washington DC.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where Frank G Jackson is the leader.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died at Parkersburg, West Virginia on the 3rd July 1941.
Allan Shivers was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader and Spanish is spoken. Spaniards are the ethnic group of the country.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alberto Teisaire was an Argentinian national who died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and Spanish is the language spoken.
The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque, New Mexico.
1974 is one of the model years of the AMC Matador, which is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's musical genre is Milonga and he has a background as a solo singer.
A Glastonbury Romance is the sequel to A Glastonbury Romance.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska, which hails from Hong Kong, United States.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana.
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones was written by Brandon Sanderson and is followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza in Argentina, is a member of the Justicialist Party and worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.
A Glastonbury Romance, written by John Cowper Powys, was followed by Weymouth Sands.
Bandeja paisa comes from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the rutaceae family and is part of the Rosids order.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
Manhattan is part of New York.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
Batagor is found in Indonesia. Shiitake is an ingredient of batagor and siomay are variations of the same dish. Shumai is a variation of siomay.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Aaron Turner is a singer who performs avant-garde metal music.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
AEK Athens F.C. play their home games at the Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) in the Superleague of Greece.
The Ariane 5 was launched at the ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana.
Akeem Dent's former team was the Atlanta Falcons.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second, an orbital period of 183309000.0, and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. Its periapsis is 445895000000.0.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Americans live in the U.S. where English is the spoken language and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
The Atlas II has a diameter of 3.04m and its final flight was on 1998-03-16.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Tejano is a demonym term used.
Bandeja paisa is a typical Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are : red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain ( patacones ), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding ( morcilla ), avocado and lemon.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st 1969.
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in Punk rock.
( 66063 ) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II which originates from the United States and launched from Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kuttikkattoor, India. The Ganges is a river in India.
AIP Advances ( abbreviated to AIP Adv. ) has 2158 pages.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
Allen Forrest was born on April 2, 1981.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is `` Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault ''.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States, Army, which fought in the Korean War.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1/19 with a length of 2744.0.
1097 Vicia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a V6 engine. It is similar to the Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency used is the Mexican peso.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Auburn is part of Pierce County and King County in Washington, United States. It has a total area of 77.41 sq km and a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per sq km.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based at the Four World Trade Centre in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport.
Adam McQuaid, who weighs 94.8024kg, was born on Prince Edward Island on October 12th, 1986.
The Fiat Croma and Alfa Romeo 164 are related means of transport in that they are both cars. The capital of Italy is Rome.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish made with compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by the Johns Hopkins University Press, which is affiliated with the Johns Hopkins University.
Al Kharaibiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. where English is spoken ( as in Great Britain ). One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are Asian Americans.
The AMC Matador is assembled in Mexico City and has a station wagon style body. It has an AMC V8 engine and is also known as the American Motors Matador.
Defender Alessio Romagnoli plays for the club A.C. Milan in the Serie A league. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic. Mr. Romagnoli is also a member of the U.C. Sampdoria club.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, a popular tourist destination in German speaking Belgium.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States and led by the State Senate. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8. The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS and was assembled in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader.
Angola is part of Steuben County in Indiana, United States.
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which is a food found in Indonesia.
The Alhambra was wrecked and had a ship beam of 8.3m. It was launched on 31st May 1855.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, where Alfred Moore Scales lived. Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, part of the American Civil War conflict. Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Austin is part of Texas.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Romania. She is a singer whose musical genre is Dance pop.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for S.S. Chieti Calcio. He was also at the club A.S.D. Licata 1931.
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is `` Association Football Club Fylde ''. They have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season at Bryning Lane.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kgs, an orbital period of 135589000.0, and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km. Its epoch is 31st December 2006.
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and has different names including : Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. The main ingredients are bread, bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
Connecticut born Alfred N. Phillips, who was succeeded by Albert E. Austin, was the Mayor of Stamford Connecticut.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a wheelbase of 2160 millimetres, a width of 1.55m and a two door coupé body style.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which originated from new wave music.
Agnes Kant, a Netherlands national, is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. She worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib. Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Empoli F.C. and manages A.S. Roma.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09L/27R and it has a length of 3990.0.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is in Gubbio.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark is the Marriott International Hotel. It has 23 floors.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India was established in 2001 and it has 250 academic staff. The college has Mahe, India to its northwest.
AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport. The runway name is 4/22.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Albert B. White, who was married to Agnes Ward White, started his career on March 4, 1901 and finished it on March 4th 1905.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, has a sedan body style and is similar to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
The Spanish language is spoken in New York.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini. It is also where Amatriciana sauce comes from.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who plays the autoharp. Funk and Afrobeat are derivatives of Jazz, which originates from folk music.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and his musical genre is Hip hop. Hip hop music originated from funk music and drum and bass derives its sounds from disco music.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the President and the language spoken is English ( originated in Great Britain ).
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the President, Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and English is the language spoken.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain, and is from the United States. The leader of the US is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and banana. Sandesh ( confectionery ) is a nice confectionery dessert.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku and the local name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905m tall.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who died from peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern.
Turkey's largest city is Ankara and the capital is Istanbul. The currency used in Turkey is the Turkish lira and the currency is the Turkish lira. Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey and the largest city is Istanbul. The Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artists Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and with Joseph Kirk.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Springfield is the capital of Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson who originated from Canada and studied at the University of Michigan. He later died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. The country's largest city is Mumbai and one of the country's rivers is the Ganges. Kerala's leader is Kochi.
The Antares rocket launch site was the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The leader of the country is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers'Party. He worked as the Minister of Transport.
Songwriter Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982. He has a background as a solo singer.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States, where Americans live. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
The ALV X-1 was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow, whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena. He later played for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8, which is assembled in the United Kingdom, where the capital city is London.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. Kerala's largest city is Mumbai and one of the country's leaders is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
AEK Athens F.C. which has 69618 members, play in the Superleague Greece in 2014. Their home ground is in Greece.
Batagor is found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader. Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor, which is a variation of siomay and shumai.
The alternative name of the Black Pirate is Jon Valor.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and held office as Vice President of New Democracy. He was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has the runway name 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country has a magistrate government.
English is the language of the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country is the location of Akron, part of Summit County in Ohio.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Elliot See died in St Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France. He was born in St. Louis and died in 1966.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is 1.9304 m. tall. He plays for Anyang Halla.
Abh.Math.Semin.Univ.Hambg is the abbreviation for Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg. Their ISSN number is 1865-8784 and their LCCN number is 32024459.
Acoustic artist Alex Day began his career in 2006 and plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. He is associated with the musical artist Charlie McDonnell.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and its runway name is 18L/36R. The runway length is 3500.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is led by Cyrus Vance Jr. Brooklyn is a part of Manhattan.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of the country and honey can be added to it.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in the United States was established in 2000 and is a contributing property. Pennsylvania is home to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument.
Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. Elizabeth Garrett is the president of Cornell University which publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on 1969-09-01. He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman were both crew members of Apollo 8.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California, United States and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial can be found in Azerbaijan.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Mols is affiliated with the European University Association, which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus has a magistrate government.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He spent 100305 minutes in space and was selected by NASA in 1963.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its national anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain, where the leader party is the Peoples Party ( Spain ).
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died on 1896-02-01 in Dona Ana County, New Mexico Territory.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
The Antares rocket was made by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and made its final voyage on September 18, 2013.
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
Akeem Ayers, who used to play for Tennessee Titans, was number 39 in the draft pick.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Two of the leaders of which are Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is led by the Liberal Democrats.
Alhambra is now retired.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and comes from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, which is a type of dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and is signed to Philips Records.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in Avenue A, Manhattan. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr. Acta Palaeontol. Pol ) is academically focused on Paleobiology and has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol. Pol. It has a LCCN number of 0567-7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with the musical artists Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Italy where the ground of AS Gubbio 1910 is located. They play in Serie D, the champions of which are S.S. Robur Siena. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy. The language spoken in the country is Italian.
The mid-size AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, has an AMC straight-6 engine and is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
( 66391 ) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an epoch date of July 14th 2004.
Ampara Hospital is in Sri Lanka and is situated in the Eastern Province state of Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records which is located in Chicago. He plays blues music and has also been signed to Shanachie Records.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry and manufactured the Alvis Speed 25 there.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, where the currency is the Euro and the leader is Mark Rutte.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader and the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
The LCCN number of Addiction journal is 93645978.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians.
Agra airport is in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport is 167.94 m above sea level and has a runway length of 1818. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis, part of Greater St. Louis and led by Francis G. Slay.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and is 210 metres above sea level.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Indian people are from India.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors, where Roy D. Chapin Jr. is a key person and the fate is that of Eagle.
Amarillo is part of Texas in the United States.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint in English. The book was preceded by Ring of Fire II which was written in English.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
English is the language of the United States which is led by the President of the United States. The country is the location of Albuquerque, part of New Mexico and led by Barack Obama.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms, an orbital period of 183309000.0, an apoapsis of 520906000.0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.02 km per sec. Its epoch date is 31 December 2006.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Antietam during the American Civil War. Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He then went on to become a fighter pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
Cornell University, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA where William Anders was a backup pilot.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
Arlington is part of Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
American Abraham A Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party and was the Governor of Connecticut.
The A-Rosa Luna weighs 1850 tonnes, has a top speed of 24.0 and is 125800.0 millimetres long.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the national anthem is `` O Canada '' and Elizabeth II is the leader. Inuktitut is a language spoken there.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20,1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a fighter pilot and has the nickname Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potatoes and bananas.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham ( postcode'B') which is led by the Labour Party.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's musical genre is Taquirari and he has a background as a solo singer.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and its dean is Thomas Pallesen. It is affiliated to the European University Association.
Greenville, Wisconsin is located within the United States.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar ended his career on 1999-05-29.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. The Danish leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and the country's religion is the Church of Denmark. Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the Italian national under 17 football team and UC Sampdoria.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and one ethnic group there is the Chinese people.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico, where Spanish is spoken and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in Lancashire.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai was given the 'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is based in Mumbai. Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis, governed by the International Tennis Federation.
Binignits is a dessert dish from the Mindanao region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are sweet potato and banana.
Bionico is a food found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains raisins.
Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the legislature is the National Assembly and the leader is Artur Rasizade.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Agra airport is located in Agra and operated by the Airports Authority of India. It has the ICAO location identifier of AGR and the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township which is in Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is the language spoken in the U.S. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil.
Footballer, Alan Martin, plays for Hamilton Academical FC and Leeds United FC.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog. He wrote A Glastonbury Romance.
Akeem Dent made his debut with the Atlanta Falcons and later played for the Houston Texans who are based in the city of Houston, Texas.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0 and is available as an E book. It has 512 pages.
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT which is a variation of a club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
The Akita Museum of Art is in Japan where one of the ethnic groups are the Brazilians.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the capital is Rome and two of the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Binignits is a dessert which contains sweet potato and banana. Sandesh ( confectionery ) is also a dessert.
Danes is the demonym for Denmark.
Alexandria is part of Madison County in Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana, where Americans English is spoken.
320 South Boston Building began in 1910.
Rhythm and blues singer Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama.
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. It is located in Turkey, where the leader is the President of Turkey.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. His alma mater was the University of Gottingen and his doctoral student was Allan Sandage.
Italian born Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane. He also plays for Torino FC and A.C. Chievo Verona.
Alfred Moore Scales started his career on 1875-03-04.
The California State Assembly, located in the California State Capitol, leads Anaheim, California, where Spanish is spoken.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Turkmenistan.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works and has a diesel-electric transmission.
The leader of Buenos Aires is Gabriela Michetti.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol and later played for Hull City AFC and US Citta di Palermo.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England, UK and died in London.
Al Anderson plays country music with the banjo.
Olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of Arrabbiata sauce, a traditional Italian sauce from Rome.
A Loyal Character Dancer was penned by Qiu Xiaolong and is in print.
Pop musician Aleksandra Kovač is part of the K2 ( Kovač sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist Bebi Dol.
Allen Forrest performs hip hop music which originated from funk music. Hip hop has its origins in Disco and Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music.
ACF Fiorentina full name is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A. and they have 47290 members.
101 Helena has an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Folk music of Ireland is the genre of Alison O'Donnell, who was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and is now a member of the Mellow Candle band.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University in Rotterdam which is affiliated to the Association of MBAs. Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport in the Netherlands.
The Fiat Croma and the Alfa Romeo 164 are related means of transport in that they are both cars.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which has Brooklyn to its Brooklyn.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, was created by Steve Bright and first aired on 10/03/1983. It was broadcast by STV.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and married Agnes Ward White. He began his career on March 4th 1905 and became Governor of West Virginia before being succeeded by William M.O. Dawson.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is available as an E book.
Bhajji comes from India where T. S. Thakur is a leader.
Folk music is the genre of Alison O'Donnell, who was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band and is an artist for the band Mellow Candle.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by JP McManus.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and English is the language spoken.
The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and was discovered by James Craig Watson who later died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Bionico is a food found in the Guadalajara region of Mexico and includes the ingredients chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The United States Army was involved in battles in the Spanish-American War.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, Munster.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the capital is Kuala Lumpur. Asam pedas is a food from Sumatra.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served in the United States, Army. He was the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion battle.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Hip hop artist Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Texas. Hip hop has origins in funk and disco and drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States.
The state of Karnataka is located southwest of Telangana and east of the Arabian Sea. The state is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was given the 'Technical Campus'status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai. The Institute is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017.0 minutes in space. His bird is the purple finch.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, United States and was succeeded by William M.O. Dawson who died in Charleston, West Virginia.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, has a runway length of 2777.0.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC which is managed by Amar Osim and has its ground at Al Khor. Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for the Iraq national under 23 football team.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Sandesh and Binignit are desserts, which are both found in the Philippines, where Philippine English is the language spoken.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the dean is Thomas Pallesen.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface.
Bhajji comes from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
The Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska, which hails from Hong Kong and is thought to have originated in France, United States or China.
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Springer, publishes Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg.
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus, and Giroux.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where Kochi is the leader.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has its stylistic origins in New wave music. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
The Antares rocket, made at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is 3.9 m in diameter and made its maiden flight on July 13th 2014.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which uses McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighters. The United States Air Force bombed Libya in 1986.
The icebreaker ship Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The inhabitants of Finland are known as Finns and the leader of the country is Juha Sipila.
Peñarol play in the Uruguayan Primera División and are managed by Steve Bruce. Abel Hernandez plays for Hull City AFC.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is available in paperback with 233 pages. Its ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0.
Alex Plante is 1.9304m tall and was born in Canada and plays for Anyang Halla.
AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which has Jong Ajax as its tenant.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
Abradab was born on November 12th 1978.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by The College of William and Mary.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and was a member of the Republican party of the United States. He worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Jalisco is led by Aristóteles Sandoval.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane ) has 4150 members and plays in the Lega Pro/A.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carroll County to its southeast and Gettysburg to its municipality.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play their home games at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The United States bombing of Libya was carried out by the United States Air Force.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which has its headquarters in Broadcasting House in London and broadcast Bananaman. The BBC also produces BBC radio.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
The Audi A1 and the SEAT Ibiza are related means of transportation.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorized as a Contributing Property. Adams County has Franklin County to its west, Cumberland County to its north, and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest. To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County, Maryland.
Big Hero 6, distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, starred Ryan Potter and is a prequel to the film Big Hero 6.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy. It includes tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where English is the language spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The United States House of Representatives leads Albuquerque, New Mexico, in the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, designed by architect 3XN, has 23 floors and is tenanted by Marriott International.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8mm long and was founded in Schenectady, New York, United States.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of the country is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
Synthpop is a musical stylistic origin of pop music.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in Great Britain.
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form. It has 448 pages.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name 10L/28R.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is a member of the class Monocotyledon.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and it has 100 academic staff and Mario Botta as its dean.
Auburn is part of King County, Washington in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit, which should be served as a dessert course, as is cookies.
Sweet potatoes are part of the order of Solanales and are a main ingredient of Binignit. The dish also contains banana.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England, UK and died in London.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alan Martin plays football for Hamilton Academical FC whose home ground is New Douglas Park.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Sumitra Mahajan and Anandiben Patel are leaders in Gujarat.
The AIDAstella service began on March 11th 2013.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of St. Louis.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured in 1937.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, where the largest city is Newark and the state capital is Trenton. Atlantic City is part of New Jersey.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
200 Public Square in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States was completed in 1985.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Milan, and the Saab 9000 are related means of transport in that they are both cars.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands, where the currency is the Euro.
109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
200 Public Square in the United States has 45 floors.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Washington D.C. is the capital.
Germans is the name given to the people who live in Germany.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate District 4 for Port Arthur.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for Wichita Thunder.
The Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem of the United States.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders, a four-stroke engine and a length of 17068.8 mms.
107 Camilla, discovered by B. Zellner, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and lives in Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and was succeeded by Adenan Satem.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of the United States Whig Party led by Henry Clay.
Auburn, Alabama is located within the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales. Its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Jens Härtel is in the FC Sachsen Leipzig club.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy, where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders and Rome is the capital.
Barny cakes can be found in hardy cakes.
The Igorot people are an ethnic group from the Philippines where Binignit comes from.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and also for Hull City AFC who are managed by Steve Bruce.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co. The Alvis Speed 25 has a petrol engine.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank California and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
The A-Rosa Luna was completed on July 4th 2005.
Albuquerque is in New Mexico, United States, where English is the language spoken. The leader of the US is the President of the United States.
Andrew Rayel began his musical career in 2009.
Buzz Aldrin was an American born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc. D in 1963 and was a crew member on Apollo 11. He has now retired. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
The footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical FC.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport in New Zealand is 518.0.
Akeem Ayers made his debut for the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee. He later played for the New England Patriots.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and succeeded by the Rover Co. It has a straight-six engine.
The Alfa Romeo 164, assembled in Italy, is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the President and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book is written in English.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Spartak Moscow, the latter of which play their home games at the Otkrytiye Arena.
Cornell University, New York, is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in Niger State, attended the Technical Institute Kaduna and worked as the Nigerian Chief of the Defence Staff.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States.
The American Journal of Mathematics discipline is Mathematics.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku and the native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Madrid is in Spain.
The St. Louis Rams are based in the city of St. Louis.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
A bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is located at the Seminary Ridge in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorized as a Contributing Property.
Walter Baade, a German national, discovered 1036 Ganymed.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester ( led by the Labour Party ) and died in Sidcup.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Originally a solo singer, Allen Forrest performs pop music.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, an orbital period of 139705000.0, a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 km per sec.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the US.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York and has a runway length of 2003.0.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
1089 Tama, formerly known as `` A894 VA ; A904 VD '', has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States, where Washington, D.C. is the capital.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar ) covers the academic discipline of Math. It has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 km/s.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who began performing in 1995. He has played with Old Man Gloom and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Batak is one of the ethnic groups found in Malaysia. Malaysian Malay is one of the ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Attica, Indiana is 166 above sea level, has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres, and a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, and the construction of the building began in January 2014.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the region of New Jersey and has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Centre.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland. Finns live there and Juha Sipila is a leader there.
Alfred N. Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th, 1932. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its affiliation is Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Germany. AIDA Cruises is owned by Carnival Corporation & plc.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport. The runway length is 3048.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The comic book writer, Roger McKenzie, is the creator of Ben Urich, whose full name is Benjamin Urich.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region and is typical Colombian cuisine. Hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
N.R. Pogson was an English National who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
Cornell University, Ithaca, New York, is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas, United States, where Arlington is located.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States. His genre is Psychedelia.
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States, where Houston is the largest city and English is the language spoken.
Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is signed to B-Unique Records and Polydor Records in London. Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
August Horch was the creator of Audi.
The Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
Batchoy is a soup eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine and a transmission system made of a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T. Seagle.
Celery is part of the family Apiaceae and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Anders Osborne's genre of music is Rhythm and Blues.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Akeem Ayers, who used to play for the Los Angeles Rams, was number 39 in the draft pick and was in draft round 2.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an epoch date of 2015-06-27.
Bakso is a traditional dish throughout the whole of Indonesia and also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries too. The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots. It also contains tapioca.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in California.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
The ALV X-1 rocket has a diameter of 1.524 metres, 2 rocket stages and 1 total launch.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2nd September 1995.
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC.
Eric Flint wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Antwerp International Airport, which serves the city of Antwerp, is owned by the Flemish department of Mobility and public works and is 12 metres above sea level.
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in California.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. He started out as a solo singer and his musical genre is Candombe. He is signed to the RCA Records label.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Adam Holloway served in the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War where George H. W. Bush was a commander.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
William Anders is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong. He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on 1969-09-01.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States, the country where Abraham A. Ribicoff was from. Abraham A. Ribicoff was an American national who was born in Connecticut and died in New York.
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is now retired.
Country music performer Al Anderson plays the banjo and once played with The Wildweeds. He is now a member of the band NRBQ.
AEK Athens are managed by Gus Poyet who played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi which has a division called Audi e-tron.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico, where the food Bionico comes from. Guadalajara is a region where cake is a main ingredient.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France where Hugo Sperrle was a commander.
MTU Friedrichshafen, owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings, owns the A-Rosa Luna.
Fulton County, Georgia is located within the United States.
The Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, succeeded the Aston Martin V8.
Angola is part of Indiana in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was completed on 30 March 2007 in the United States.
Above the Veil is a prequel to Aenir written by Garth Nix in English.
Buzz Aldrin is an American fighter pilot who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup, London. The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of Manchester. The Labour Party is the leader of London.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur, the Malaysian Chinese and the Malay are ethnic groups. The dish is also found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.
Gus Poyet has played for Chelsea F.C. and Real Zaragoza. The Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC, the ground of which, is located in Marousi.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The language of Great Britain is English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician signed to Rabadash Records. Bhangra is a fusion of rock music.
Abradab is associated with the rapper Magik and played for Kaliber 44.
Alvah Sabin, who represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District, ended his career on March 4th 1857. He represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and ended his career on March 3rd 1857. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont.
Footballer, Alan Martin, was born on 1 January 1989 and plays for Clyde FC and Hamilton Academical FC.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell in 1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. Its main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant worked at the House of Representatives which is led by Khadija Arib.
Ace Wilder's musical genre is Hip hop which has its stylistic origins in disco and funk. Drum and bass derives its sounds from hip hop music which has its stylistic origins in both disco and funk.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V-2 ) derives from Argentina, the leader of which, is Gabriela Michetti.
Motherwell F.C. play at Fir Park.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Finland, where Juha Sipila is a leader.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español who play in the Uruguayan Segunda División. He later played for the Uruguay national football team and the U.S. Città di Palermo, which is managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
103 Colmore Row, completed in 1973 in Birmingham, has 23 floors and was completed in 1976.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group from Java.
Albert B White was born on 22nd September 1856 and died on 3rd July 1941.
The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and was published in hardcover with the OCLC number 8805735.
English is the language of the United States.
Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande.
Norbert Lammert is a leader in Germany.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and has a ship beam of 3.8m and a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It was launched on January 25th 1969.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Washington DC is the capital of the US and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an MS. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on 1969-09-01.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who played football for Chelsea F.C. and Real Madrid CF.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi which is managed by Levan Khomeriki.
The Aston Martin V8, related to the Aston Martin DBS, is assembled at Newport Pagnell. It has a 5.3 litre engine and is manufactured by Aston Martin. The Aston Martin Vantage succeeded the Aston Martin Vantage.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the president. It is published in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte, who is the Parliamentary group leader.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England and began his career on 5th May 2005. His alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge and he served in the Grenadier Guards. A member of the Conservative Party in the UK.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and an apoapsis of 440756000.0 km. Its epoch is 31st December 2006.
 Trance musician Andrew Rayel has been associated with the following musical artists : Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, and Alexandra Badoi. Trance
Italian born Rolando Maran has been manager of AC Chievo Verona and played for F.C. Bari 1908 and Carrarese Calcio.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
AIDA Cruises, located in Germany, is the operator of AIDAstella.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and first aired on April 15th, 1986.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, where Doris Bures is a leader, and died in Graz.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press, located in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in Great Britain.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres, a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres, and an average speed of 16.76 km per sec.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 11.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 14L/32R with a length of 4100.0.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in which Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the UK, is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where English is the main language, and Joe Biden is a leader. The leader of the United States is known as the President of the United States.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office manufactured Antares rocket made its maiden flight on April 21st 2013 and its final flight was on the 28th October 2014. It was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire. Bakewell tart is a variant of Bakewell pudding and is made with fruit preserves.
110 Lydia has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and an orbital period of 142603000.0.
Rhythm and blues musician Aleksandra Kovac is associated with fellow musical artist Kristina Kovac and is a member of Kovac sister duo K2.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia. Its main ingredients are sesame oil, lengkuas, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo who was in office while Atiku Abubakar was President.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce from Italy.
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot and David Scott was the commander.
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which has a musical fusion called bhangra music.
Baked Alaska is from France where the currency is the Euro and the leader is Manuel Valls.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, where the leader is the Parliament of Catalonia. Spaniards are an ethnic group from Spain.
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas where the largest city is Houston and the county seat is San Marcos. Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas.
Albany, Oregon is located within the United States, where Americans live and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
Songwriter Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982.
Addiction Journal is about addiction.
The AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa.
The Aston Martin V8 is a convertible.
Aleksandre Guruli played for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva.
A Fortress of Grey Ice by J. V. Jones has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and OCLC number 51969173.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on Feb. 24, 1989.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kochi is the leader of Kerala.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, discovered 103 Hera on July 9, 1868. His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Airey Neave is a Lieutenant Colonel.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began his career in 2009. He is associated with Bobina and Jwaydan Moyine.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, in Uruguay, the leader of which, is the politician Daniel Martinez. Uruguayans are the people of Montevideo.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
Staten Island is the birth place of Albert Jennings Fountain, who fought in the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was a commander in the American Civil War.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press, whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925 and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a test pilot. He is now retired.
Born in Faversham, Adam Holloway, is a member of the Conservative Party in the UK and his alma mater is Magdalene College in Cambridge.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and it can be found in the Philippines.
The leader of the United Kingdom is David Cameron.
American Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, ScD. 1963.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas and English is the state's official language.
Alex Day uses the Synthpop genre, which originated from pop music and has its stylistic origins in Disco.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
The Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci and play in Serie B, the champions of which are Carpi F.C. 1909.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Johnny Sansone.
The AIDAstella was christened on 17th of March 2013.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and the 1st runway has a length of 3800 feet.
String instrumentalist Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and John Digweed and Christian Burns. Rayel's musical genre is Trance.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II. Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II.
Ahmet Ertegun is a non performing personnel born in Washington D.C., United States. His genre is rhythm and blues.
Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot of Apollo 8.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece, the champions of which are Olympiacos F.C.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat Co.
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. It is located in Turkey, where the currency is the Turkish lira and the leader is President Ahmet Davutoglu. Turkey's capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order poales and the order of Commelinids.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on 5th May 2005. He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Arabic is one of the languages spoken in Iraq.
Alison O'Donnell is a singer, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the United States Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Polydor Records is located in London.
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Rock guitarist Al Anderson plays with the band NRBQ. Rock originates from country music and lends itself to bhangra music.
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a food found in Indonesia.
Footballer, Alan Martin was born January 1st 1989 and is 185.42 cm tall. He plays for Crewe Alexandra FC and the Scottish national under 21 football team.
The Aston Martin V8, assembled in the United Kingdom, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. He served as a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. Benitoite is an ingredient in Alan Shepard's gemstone.
Akeem Adams played for W Connection F.C. and United Petrotrin FC, the latter of which play their home games at Palo Seco.
N.R. Pogson, who was born in Nottingham, discovered 107 Camilla.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on November 12th, 1978. He is musically associated with the rapper Magik and plays with the band Kaliber 44.
1089 Tama, formerly known as `` A894 VA ; A904 VD '', has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000.0. Its epoch date is 26th November 2005.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. Its main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15, 1932 and is now retired.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Walter Baade, who discovered 1036 Ganymed, was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. Allan Sandage was a doctoral student of Walter Baade.
The Audi A1 is made by Audi Brussels and is classed as a supermini. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel drive layout.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa.
Auburn is part of Washington state, United States, the capital of which, is Olympia.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport which is 23 metres above sea level. The runway name is 4/22 and has a length of 1873 feet.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr is one of the leaders of Manhattan, which is part of New York City.
107 Camilla, discovered by C. Woods, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres, and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, the leader of which, is the Conservative Party of Canada.
Aaron Hunt has played for Vfl Wolfsburg, managed by Dieter Hecking, and for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Adisham Hall, Haputale was completed in 1931 in the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Alfred Moore Scales was Governor of North Carolina and was succeeded by the politician James W Reid.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore. The President of the Institute is B.M. Reddy.
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of Aaron Turner, who played with the band Twilight and Old Man Gloom.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas where the largest city is Houston. Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas and the county seat is Fort Worth.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has an OCLC number of 78771100 and an ISBN number of 0-439-92550-9.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock which has a sub genre called Christian alternative rock.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size car assembled in Marysville, Ohio. It has front-wheel and all-wheel drive and a Honda K engine.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
 The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and can be served with bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. BLT is
The AIDS ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The English language is spoken in Castle ( New Castle ).
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm which is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. He also plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov and whose home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas where the largest city is Houston and the county seat is San Marcos. English is spoken in Texas.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The full name of the A.F.C. Blackpool is `` Association Football Club Blackpool ''.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and English is the language spoken. The capital of the country is Washington DC and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Indie rock originated from new wave music.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President and the language spoken is English ( also spoken in Great Britain ). One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the Asian Americans.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C. He is the manager of AS Roma.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, where Anandiben Patel is the leader.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter aircraft.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji or bajji.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band and ska punk band.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, a mass of 7.5kgs and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
Shumai is a dish found in China.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the Reference Number 87000823.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
Ayam penyet is from Malaysia and Indonesia.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The state's capital is Austin and its demonym is Tejano.
Adonis Georgiadis was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
Above the Veil is available in print.
Albert B. White was born on 22nd September 1856 and is a politician.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal from the US Navy, which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Alberto Teisaire was a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
The Acura TLX has a layout similar to AWD.
Antioch, California is 13.0 above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and also for the Italian national under 16 football team which is coached by Daniele Zoratto.
Footballer, Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla, managed by Luis Miguel Ramis, and CD FAS.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium and he plays for US Lesquin.
Ardmore Airport in New Zealand has a runway length of 597.0 and a 3rd runway made of poaceae.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Allen Forrest was born 1981 in Fort Campbell, KY and raised in Dothan, AL. Originally a solo singer, Allen Forrest plays hip hop music.
Albany, Georgia has the area code 229.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport is KACY.
The Atlas II originated from the U.S. and was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933. He joined NASA in 1963 where he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member on Apollo 8. He spent 8820.0 minutes in space.
The gemstone Benitoite is found in California.
The Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It has a diameter of 3.04m and its final flight was on 2002-05-12.
The ALV X-1 rocket has 2 rocket stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Chicken is a bird.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Elizabeth II is the leader of London and 20 Fenchurch Street is located within the country.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
Alison O'Donnell, who began performing in 1963, plays folk music of Ireland and was a member of the Flibbertigibbet band. She is signed to Floating World Records. She is an artist for the band Mellow Candle.
Christian Burns plays the guitar.
Pop solo singer Aleksandra Kovač was born in 1972, in the Socialist Republic of Serbia. Disco is a fusion genre of pop music.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under 16 football team.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and it has 250 employees. The largest city in India is Mumbai.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and discovered 107 Camilla. He has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and died in Chennai.
Alan Shepard, deceased, was a test pilot.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
Blues artist Anders Osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with Galactic and Billy Iuso.
Avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish Bandeja paisa, which is typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose home ground is at the Otkrytiye Arena.
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler from the United States.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 441092000.0 kilometres.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County in Georgia and covers 344.9 square kilometres. The area code for Atlanta is 404 and it has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres. The population density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who was born in New York City, is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Adare Manor was designed by the architect Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury, Republic of Ireland. The Palace of Westminster is one of the significant buildings designed by Enda Kenny.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, which are part of the flowering plant division and of the Solanaceae family.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Gettysburg, part of the American Civil War conflict, during which, Jefferson Davis was a commander.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham. The city is led by the Conservative Party ( UK ).
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. The creator of Baymax is Duncan Rouleau, an American who starred in the film version of Big Hero 6.
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000 kilometres and a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S. which is home to Americans and Native Americans.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir which is written in English in Australia.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for the Russia B national football team and FC Tom Tomsk.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki. It is 21.2 m long and is in service.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3990.0 and a runway name of 08/26.
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and they have 5000 members. They played in the 2014 season and have Gododen as their nickname.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed many significant buildings including the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, Hearst Castle and the Asilomar State Beach.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the community of Madrid. Ahora Madrid is one of the leading political groups in Madrid.
UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport.
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Rhythm and Blues, which originated from blues music.
Rock musician Al Anderson began his career in 1966 and played with the band NRBQ. He was born in Windsor, Connecticut and once played with The Wildweeds.
Anderson is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union in Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Addiction journal ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the largest city is New York City.
Allan Shivers served as Governor of Texas and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The distributing company of RCA Records is Sony Music Entertainment.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alan Bean ( born Alan LaVern Bean ) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA and retired on June 1981. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12.
The musician Andrew White's record label is B-Unique Records.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the 1st Regiment New Mexico Volunteer Cavalry and fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where English is the main language.
Abradab was born in Poland.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Verona, Italy is the home to A.C. Chievo Verona who has 39371 members.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon, a Puerto Rican national.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. She plays rhythm and blues which originated from blues music.
Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary and died in Graz, Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War.
Albert B. White is a member of the Republican party of the United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, which is inhabited by Italians, its leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome. The language spoken in the country is Italian.
Bhajji ( also known as Bhaji or bajji ) is from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
1000 Piazzia has an epoch date of June 27th 2015 and an orbital period of 488160.0. It has a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 km/s.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer who is associated with Marius Moga and Andreea Balan.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Steven T Seagle and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau and Alan Tudyk.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon, in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
AFC Ajax ( amateurs )'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and has Jong Ajax as its tenant.
Alex Plante was born in Canada on May 9, 1989. His club is Anyang Halla.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1097 Vicia, formerly known as 1928 PC, has an epoch date of December 31st 2006 and a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Jerry Ordway is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Administrative Science Quarterly, abbreviated to SAGE Publications, was founded by Sara Miller McCune and has the ISSN number 0001-8392.
The Aids Journal's discipline is HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial, dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman army who died at the Battle of Baku was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
William Anders, who graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962, is now retired.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington DC.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Buzz Aldrin was born Jan 20, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U.S. Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press, which is based in the United States. The American Journal of Mathematics was founded in 1878.
Akron is in Summit County, Ohio, United States. English is the language spoken in the United States and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The runway name is 7/25.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who has represented the club 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and played for SV Germania Schoneiche.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders in India.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and its runway length is 3800.
A Long Long Way is written in the English language.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. London is led by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The leader of the country is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which is, Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for both FC Terek Grozny and FC Spartak Moscow, the latter of which is managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia. Sergey Sobyanin is a leader in Moscow.
Allan Shivers started his career on January 21st 1947.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Terek Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, the ground of which, is based at Grozny.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France and New York.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and is abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol. It has the ISSN number 1732-2421, the LCCN number 60040714 and the abbreviation of Acta Palaeontol. Pol.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire.
The musician Andrew White is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and plays for the band Kaiser Chiefs. He is signed to the record label Universal Records.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Paisa region.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at North Wall Quay and completed in December 2008.
Beef kway teow is found in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. The runway length is 1773.
Aaron Turner is an electroacoustic singer who played with the band Sumac and the band Isis.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Stockport County F.C. The leader of Blackpool is the Conservative Party ( UK ).
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which was produced between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of Aaron Turner, who played electric guitar for the band Twilight.
Kerala is located northwest of Mahe, India.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is based in Livorno and play in Serie B.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is based at the Four World Trade Centre in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Walter Baade was a German national who discovered 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen with Allan Sandage as one of his doctoral students.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's birthplace is Minna.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County, Georgia.
Alan Martin played football for Motherwell FC and currently plays for Accrington Stanley F.C., the ground of which, is Accrington.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is 0567-7920.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F.C.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and joined NASA in 1963 where he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member of Apollo 11.
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Abradab was born in Katowice on November 12th 1978.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, was in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President.
Alvah Sabin started his career on 1853-03-04.
Aleksander Barkov Jr, who plays for the Florida Panthers, was born on 2nd September 1995.
The Antares rocket, with a medium expendable launch system and manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office, was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico, where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the language spoken is Mexican Spanish. It is served as a dessert course.
Arianespace is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader is Ahora Madrid.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J. V. Jones, was published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 as well as the OCLC number 51969173.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the Mayor.
Alaa Abdul Zahra's club is AL Kharaitiyat SC which is located in Al Khor and is managed by Amar Osim. He also plays for Al-Zawra'a SC.
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Funk is a derivative of Jazz.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
Connecticut born Alfred N. Phillips worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located within the United States, where the leader is called the President.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Alessio Romagnoli's youth club was A.S. Roma.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a fantasy literature hardcover book. Its ISBN number is 0-439-92550-9.
The AIDAstella, built by Meyer Werft, is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises who are located in Rostock.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and its leader is Artur Rasizade. Azerbaijan's legislature is the National Assembly.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.
Northbrook, Illinois is the birthplace of Scott Adsit.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki and has a ship beam of 21.2 m.
The municipal leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is the leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The area code for Atlantic City is 609 and the total area of Atlantic City is 44.125 square kilometres. The population density of Atlantic City is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometres.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Canada and is 1.9304 m. tall. He plays for the club Anyang Halla.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County in Texas, United States. The largest city in the county is Fort Worth and the state capital is Austin.
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by STV.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club which is managed by Oleh Luzhny. Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas and their home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium.
101 Helena was discovered by James Craig Watson, who died from peritonitis.
Andrew White's record label is Polydor Records which is located in London.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula, Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups.
The Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic ZF 4HP18Q transmission.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors and was succeeded by Eagle.
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the Battle of Antietam.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol who are managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva and play in the Uruguayan Segunda División. He later played for Central Español who are managed by Sinisa di Palermo.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where Elizabeth II is the leader and O Canada is the national anthem. Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada.
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and she plays the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java where English is spoken. Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Tony Tan is the leader.
Andra is a solo singer who was born in Campia Turzii in 1986. She is a singer and reality tv judge. She was born in 1986 in Campia Turzii.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Californian born architect Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and also significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Rome, Italy. It includes tomatoes.
Anaheim, California has a UTC offset of -8, a total area of 131.6 sq km and the area codes of 657 and 714.
Al Anderson plays rock music for the NRBQ band. Rock originates from country music which originated from blues music. The banjo is an instrument used in country music.
The Antares rocket is manufactured by the Yuzhnoye Design Office and is similar to the Delta II which originates from the United States.
Alexandria is part of Monroe Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and Arabic is one of the languages used.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Elliot See is dead.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Air Force and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President. Al-Amin Daggash was the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who was in office while Oladipo Diya was Vice President.
1036 Ganymed was discovered by Walter Baade, whose doctoral student was Halton Arp. Baade studied at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Dutch is a language spoken in Belgium.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 2nd September 1995 and his draft team was the Florida Panthers.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He is a songwriter who has a background as a solo singer.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT.
( 19255 ) 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s and a mass of 5.6 kilograms. It has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 kelvins.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour red. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia which is owned by The College of William and Mary. The Hall was designed by Robert A M Stern and is currently located in the United States.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and is 178 cm tall. He plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club and FC Zestafoni.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is leader and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. It has 16000 students and 737 academic staff. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. which is managed by Zvi Sherf and competes in the Euroleague.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, was published in Hardcover and has 560 pages. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
The area code of Antioch, California is 925.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the Greek New Democracy Party which uses blue as its colour. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister.
The singer Andra's genre is Rhythm and Blues which originated from blues music.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. It has an academic staff size of 737 people. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force who are located in Uttar Pradesh, Bundelkhand. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups from Sumatra.
Alvah Sabin represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District and ended his career on 1857-03-03.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 16 football team and also plays for AC Milan who are managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and its nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
Austin is part of Hays County in Texas where the largest city is Houston and the county seat is San Marcos.
Fallujah is a food found in Iraq.
A.F.C. Blackpool's full name is `` Association Football Club Blackpool '' and they have 1500 members. Their ground is in Blackpool.
A Severed Wasp was produced in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Indonesia. Halimah Yacob and Tony Tan are leaders in Singapore.
Ace Wilder, a solo singer, is signed to the Warner Music Group.
Angola, Indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy. Isaac Rojas was his successor.
John van den Brom plays for both İstanbulspor A.Ş and Jong Ajax. He also manages AZ Alkmaar.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery, headquartered in New York City. Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of the Association.
Mendrisio is in the municipality of Meride.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the President, Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and English is the language spoken. English is the national language of Great Britain.
Aenir is written in the English language.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the Architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and played for FC Torpedo Moscow, where the manager was Valery Petrakov, and also the Soviet Union national football team, during the 2014-15 season.
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began her career in 1963 and is associated with artists Bajik and the Flibbertigibbet.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architectural firm 3XN.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States.
1. FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and were in the Regionalliga in the 2014-15 season.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and lived in Doesburg. She was a Member of the House of Representatives and her alma mater was Radboud University Nijmegen.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The airbase's ICAO Location Identifier is ORAA and its runway name is 08/26. It has a length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia, which was completed on 1 June 2009.
The ship AIDAstella was laid down on 16th March 2013 and is 253260.0 millimetres in length. It was launched on 16th March 2013.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers and is owned by the P & O company. It has an 8.3m ship beam and is powered by a Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes engine.
Albany is part of Benton County, Oregon in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S. where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and one of its ingredients is granola.
Angola is part of Indiana, United States. Americans live in the U.S. where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus, Denmark.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kg and an epoch date of December 31st 2006. It has a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Bakewell pudding ( or tart ) originates from the Derbyshire Dales in Derbyshire. It includes fruit preserves.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Köln.
Aleksandra Kovac is an exponent of Rhythm and Blues.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County in Georgia, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and is 25 metres above sea level. The runway name is 10R/28L and it has a length of 2776.0.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway length of 877.0 and a 1st runway made from Poaceae.
The Ariane 5 was launched at ELA-3 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana. Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes.
Malay people are from Malaysia.
Alan Bean is a United States test pilot who was born in Wheeler, Texas on 15 March 1932. He spent 100305.0 minutes in space and is now retired.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, the war in which Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander.
The singer Abner was born in Brazil.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is a leader and the ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The airbase has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA and a runway name of 08/26 with a length of 3990.0.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ISSN number is 0025-585858.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Chesterfield football club and Runcorn FC Halton.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is led by B.M. Reddy.
The American Journal of Mathematics ( Am. J. Math ) discipline is Maths.
The BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK, where ketchup is an ingredient.
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The architect Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster.
Alison O'Donnell performs jazz music and is signed to Floating World Records and Deram Records in London.
American Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers'Party.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Ambient music is the genre of Aaron Turner, who played with the band Twilight and is associated with the Mamiffer.
William Anders is an American who was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. Frank Borman was a crew member of Apollo 8.
Akeem Ayers was born July 10th, 1989 and started with the Tennessee Titans. He has also played for the St. Louis Rams.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java, where English is spoken.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Al-Khor Sports Club which is located in Al Khor.
Alvah Sabin, who was born on 23rd October 1793, worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Abradab, from Katowice, played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the Reference Number 87000823.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level, has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, and a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
Singer Al Anderson plays with the rock band NRBQ.
The Aston Martin V8 is assembled in the United Kingdom, which is led by Elizabeth II.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor, completed in 1862.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India was established in 2000. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its president is B.M. Reddy. The Institute's motto is `` Nurturing Excellence '' and it is located in the state of Karnataka.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor, a variation of siomay.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is found in Singapore and Indonesia. Its main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico Territory.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are main ingredients in Baked Alaska, which hails from Paris, New York and Hong Kong, United States.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and has an 8.3m ship beam. It is 63800.0 millimetres long and is now wrecked.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE in Alcobendas, Madrid, Spain.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Auburn is part of Lee County in Alabama, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The American submarine NR-1 has a ship draft of 4.6m.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. It is -3.3528 above sea level and its runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan. It has a runway length of 2014.0.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States and the Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County Pennsylvania.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County in the San Francisco Bay area, in California. Antioch is led by the California's 11th State Assembly District and its English language is spoken.
The Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Airey Neave fought in World War II and ended his career on 30th March 1979. He ended his career on 30th March 1974.
Birmingham born architect John Madin designed 103 Colmore Row.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KABI. The runway name is 17L/35R and it has a length of 2194.0.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is the language spoken in the United States and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Austin Fernando is the leader of Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is one of the leaders of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981, in funk, Hip hop music. Drum and bass is a derivative of Hip hop which has its origins in Disco.
The AIDAluna is 252000.0 millimetres long and has a top speed of 40.744.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is `` 1923 OAA907 XC ''.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on January 25, 1969, has a 3.8m ship beam and a top speed of 8.334 km/h. It has a ship draft of 4.6m, a length of 45000.0 millimetres and a ship beam of 3.8 m.
Agustin Barboza plays Guarania music.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina, where Spanish is one of the spoken languages. He was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while Juan Perón was president.
The musical genre of Andra is dance pop. She is associated with the singer Puya and with the band CRBL.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia, Spain. He worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Vietnamese people.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Coupe body style and a straight four engine. Its production began in 1958.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hector Numa Moraes.
Abner W Sibal ended his career on March 1st 1965.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses her voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp. Funk is a derivative of Jazz, which has its stylistic origins in the Blues. Afrobeat is a fusion genre of Jazz.
Airey Neave began his career on 30th June 1953.
Footballer, Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under 19 football team.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo ( V-2 ) was sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and fought in World War II. He began his career on March 4th 1974 and ended it five years later on 30th March 1979.
1089 Tama has an escape velocity of 0.0068 kilometres per second and an orbital period of 1202.846 days. Its epoch date is 26 November 2005 and it has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
Atlas II originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C., English is the language spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Anders Osborne is signed to the record label Shanachie Records and performs rhythm and blues music.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died on 1896-02-01 in Dona Ana County, New Mexico, United States.
The Atlas II originates from the United States where Americans live and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit.
Quattro Gmbh is a subsidiary of Audi who make the Audi A1.
A.E. Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is Antonis Milionis. Their ground is in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
Attica, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Airey Neave, who fought in the Battle of France, began his career on March 4th 1974.
Michigan is in the United States.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, with 60 floors, was completed in 2009 and has a floor area of 120770.0 square metres.
Alternative rock musician Andrew White began his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist Marry Banilow and the band Kaiser Chiefs.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the President and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Navy and ended his career on May 29th 1999. He was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President and Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Atiku Abubakar.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan which is the location of the Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Antares rocket is comparable with the Delta II rocket which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Vermont's 3rd Congressional District representative Alvah Sabin was born on October 23rd, 1793. Sabin represented Vermont's largest city as Burlington.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. He has 20 awards.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and served as a test pilot. He died in California.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
Rhythm and blues singer Aleksandra Kovač began her career in 1990 and is associated with artists Kornelije Kovac and K2.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq which has a runway length of 3992.88.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and is 507 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2003.0 and serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
The Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
Massimo Drago plays for US Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio. He has been the manager of A C Cesena.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia. Felipe VI is the leader of Spain.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region in Denmark. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of the country where the Faroese language is spoken.
Tomato is one of the members of the order Solanales and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce. The sauce comes from the Solanaceae family.
St Vincent-St Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault. The school is located in Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level with a runway length of 896.
Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium where the Dutch language is spoken. Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg, played for SV Babelsberg 03 and FSV Zwickau and is part of the club 1. FC Union Berlin.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit and was awarded the Military Cross.
Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, can be found in France, where the leaders are Gérard Larcher and François Hollande.
The 3Arena in Dublin was designed by the company Populous.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Angola is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Americans live in the U.S. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is a Helicopter used by the Indian Air Force who are the operating organisation of Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was in office while Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister and Makis Voridis was his successor. Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0. Its epoch date is 2015-06-27.
Albert B. White was married to Agnes Ward White.
Bionico and cake are both types of dessert.
The Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan has 3 floors and a bronze address called 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Agra airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. The IATA Location Identifier of Agra Airport is AGR and the location identifier is VIAG.
William Anders served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of Apollo 8's crew.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is a food found in Indonesia.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, where one of the languages spoken is French. He fought in the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was a commander.
Footballer, Abner plays for the Brazilian national under 20 football team and for Real Madrid Castilla managed by Luis Miguel Ramis.
The leader of Blackpool is the Labour Party ( UK ), the ground of which, is Stockport County FC. AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager who has previously been at Chesterfield FC and now plays for Stockport County FC.
Azerbaijan's leader is the Prime Minister.
Aaron Turner is a progressive metal musician.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Benitoite is an ingredient. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Smilodon is one of the gemstones of the United States Navy.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority whose headquarters are in Jinnah International Airport.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio, Umbria.
Michele Marcolini manages the A.C. Lumezzane. He also plays for Vicenza Calcio and F.C. Bari 1908. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's birthplace is Niger State.
The Airbus Defence and Space manufactured the Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA-3.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for US Castrovillari Calcio. He was also at the club A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's successor was Olusegun Obasanjo and he ended his career on 1999-05-29.
The Aston Martin V8, Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin Virage are similar means of transport.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. which is managed by Thomas Doll. He also plays for Ferencvarosi TC, whose home ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome and whose chairman is Gabor Kubatov.
Allama Iqbal International airport serves the city of Lahore and is located in Pakistan. The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the airport. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3310.0.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the national anthem is `` O Canada ''.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances, his alma mater is Stanford University.
Albany is located in the US state of Georgia where the leader is called the President. Americans live in the US, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and one of the ethnic groups are the Malaysian Indian.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
George Winkler was an American architect who designed 320 South Boston Building, which has 22 floors.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa, which is typical Colombian cuisine.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is now retired. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA where William Anders was a backup pilot.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army and began his career on January 21st 1947. He fought in World War II, during which, Joseph Stalin was a commander.
Akeem Dent, who was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987, formerly played for the Atlanta Falcons and the Houston Texans.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Rock and roll originated from blues music.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Post metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of Twilight and House of Low Culture. Cello is a post-metal instrument.
Alexandria, Indiana is 6.81 square kilometres large and is 265 metres above sea level. It has a population density of 755.3 inhabitants per sq km.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The country's currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Vajubhai Vala.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was a fighter pilot before he was hired by NASA in 1963. He spent 52.0 minutes in space.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbr. Acta Palaeontol. Pol ) has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol. Pol. It has a LCCN number of 0567-7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
The ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the Star Spangled Banner is the national anthem. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA and is now retired. The backup pilot of Apollo 11 was William Anders.
Anderson, Indiana is 268.0 above sea level and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
American Motors manufactures the AMC Matador. Roy D. Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors which manufactures the AMC Matador. Eagle is a successor to American Motors.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
1000 Piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.0252 km/s.
Albennie Jones is associated with the musical artist Sammy Price.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird from the United States.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
William Anders is an American who was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA, where Frank Borman was a commander.
Alan Frew is a performer of rock music which originated from country music. A musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music.
Alan Shepard served as a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. The United States Navy awarded him the Distinguished Service Medal, which is ranked higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Angola is a city in Indiana, United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany. Andreas Voßkuhle is a leader in Germany whose capital is Berlin.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3, and is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and represented Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He retired 03/03/1857 and his largest city was Burlington.
The English language is spoken in Canada.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia, where the leader is Vladimir Putin.
The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S. and is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who is Canadian. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
The Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The manager of A.F.C. Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Stockport County F.C. and Colwyn Bay F.C.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and the Asilomar State Beach.
Atlantic City is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Baked Alaska is a dessert, as is cookies. African Americans are an ethnic group from the United States.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Milan and is a sedan type vehicle. It is a related means of transport to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
Abradab performs hip hop music.
Akron is in Summit County, Ohio in the U.S. whose capital is Washington DC. Barack Obama is the previous president of the U.S. and Native Americans are one ethnic group there.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office while Mike Akhigbe was the Vice President. Akhigbe's predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is known as the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and one of the leaders is Sumitra Mahajan.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
ALV X-1 originated in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong.
Bandeja paisa is typical Colombian cuisine from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain ( patacones ), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding ( morcilla ), avocado and lemon.
Elliot See died on February 28th 1966.
AIDA Cruises owns the AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc. which is located in Illinois.
The Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 and completed in 1961. It is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of Addis Ababa City Hall.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands, where the euro is the currency.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who died from peritonitis.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Jazz music originates from blues music.
Currosiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Abradab, who was born on November 12th, 1978, played with the band Kaliber 44 and is associated with the rapper Magik.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the deputy to Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and succeeded by Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
The population density of Arlington, Texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alpharetta is part of the state of Georgia in the U.S. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association, headquartered in Brussels. Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. Denmark has a magistrate government.
James Pain and George Richard Pain were the architects for Adare Manor.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, and a cost of 110 million dollars.
Adam Maher's club is the Netherlands national under 17 football team and he plays for AZ Alkmaar.
The A-Rosa Luna was built by Neptun Werft in Rostock, Germany, where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader.
Beef kway teow is found in Singapore and Indonesia. Its main ingredients are sesame oil, lengkuas, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Albert Jennings Fountain served in the Union Army.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and his alma mater was Magdalene College in Cambridge.
Albany is a city in Oregon where the capital is Salem.
Baku Turkish Martyrs'Memorial is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
1097 Vicia has a periapsis of 279142000000.0 and an epoch date of December 31st 2006.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba has the nickname Uab.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which is located in Rostock. The company powers the AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 mms in length and was founded in Schenectady, New York.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
Austin, Texas has the area codes of 512 and 737 and covers an area of 703.95 square kilometres. It has a population density of 1296.65 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The discoverer of 103 Hera is the Canadian James Craig Watson. His Alma mater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin. He has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres.
A Severed Wasp is written in the English language which is spoken in Great Britain. The US is also where you will find the book `` A Severed Wasp ''.
The DeSoto Custom is related to the Chrysler Newport.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Leon Trotsky was a commander in the Polish-Soviet War.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States, which is part of Atlantic County.
The Delta II, from the United States, was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It is comparable to the Antares rocket which launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
Akeem Adams plays for T & TEC Sports Club and the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers, who used to play for the New England Patriots, was number 39 in the draft pick.
 The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya
British Hong Kong born William Anders served as a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman and Chris Patten.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and an average speed of 16.76 km/s. Its orbital period is 5.57 days.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson, who studied at the University of Michigan, and died of peritonitis in Madison, Wisconsin.
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 142 Nakadori, it has 3 floors and an elevation of 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, Munster, County Limerick, which is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
Douglas R Oberhelman is a key person at Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States and is located in Peoria, Illinois. The company powers the AIDAluna owned by AIDA Cruises.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where one of the languages spoken is Arabic.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Bakso comes from.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Claude Bartolone is a leader.
Marriott International, founded in Washington DC, is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark. Marriott International is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen. Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark and one of the languages spoken in Denmark is Greenlandic.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England and died in London.
Adam Koc, who died in New York City, fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was a commander in the Polish-Soviet War.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. He performs rhythm and blues music which has disco as a derivative.
Gubbio Gubbio is a food found in Umbria.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak Party.
Connecticut born Alfred N. Phillips, who worked at the United States House of Representatives, is a member of the Democratic Party and was succeded by Albert E. Austin.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis who play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP. Their ground is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and they have 1500 members.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC. The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark is the Greenlandic language.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is categorized as a Contributing Property. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930.
( 410777 ) 2009 FD has a absolute magnitude of 22.1.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java, where the Baduy are an ethnic group. Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader and Standard Chinese is spoken.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's leader is Klaus Iohannis and one of its ethnic groups are the Germans of Romania.
1089 Tama has an epoch date of November 26th 2005, a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
103 Hera has an absolute magnitude of 7.66.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza in Argentina and was in office while Juan Peron was President. Alberto Teisaire, who was a member of the Labour Party, was in office while Isaac Rojas was Prime Minister.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the leader is known as the President of the United States. John Roberts and Barack Obama are leaders of the United States where 250 Delaware Avenue is located.
Alternative rock musician Andrew White is signed to London based Polydor Records. He is also signed to Universal records and also to London based, Nu metal.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, it contains ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
Afonso Pena International Airport has the ICAO location identifier SBCT.
Abel Hernandez is a member of Penarol's youth club and also plays for Central Espanol and U.S. Città di Palermo. Peñarol are managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva.
Sago is an ingredient in binignit, which should be served as a dessert course, as is cookies.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005, a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres, an apoapsis of 475426000 kilometres and an orbital period of 1513.722 days. Its apoapsis is 173.0 km.
Akron, Ohio is located within the United States.
American Buzz Aldrin was born January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy, where Rome is the capital and Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where Washington D.C. is the capital and African Americans are an ethnic group. The inhabitants of the country are known as Americans.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of the Wilderness, which was part of the American Civil War conflict. Jefferson Davis was a commander in the American Civil War.
Death metal is a musical fusion of black metal which is the musical genre of Aaron Turner, who played electric guitar for the band Sumac.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Folk rock musician Alison O'Donnell records for Floating World Records.
Adam Holloway resided in Gravesend.
The Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company, located in Coventry.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. The country's capital is Washington DC and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans.
Iraq born Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under 20 football team.
The Antares rocket is from the United States and was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The Minotaur IV rocket was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The Atlas II originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C., the language is English and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The inhabitants of the country are known as Americans.
Labour politician John Clancy is the leader of Birmingham which has the B postcode and is the home town of the architect, John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row. The governing body of Birmingham is Birmingham City Council.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Hip hop music has its origins in Funk.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dish found in the United States.
Bhajji come from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are Sumitra Mahajan and Narendra Modi.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the official language is Italian and the capital is Rome. Sergio Mattarella is a leader in Italy.
The Alhambra was launched on 31st May 1855 and had an 8.3m ship beam. It is 63800.0 millimetres long.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
Taro is an ingredient in binignit, which should be served as a dessert course, as is cookies.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kgs, an escape velocity of 0.0348 km per sec and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 km.
John van den Brom plays for Vitesse Arnhem, AFC Ajax and the Netherlands national football team. He is also manager of AZ Alkmaar.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6, which stars Scott Adsit and in which Baymax makes his first appearance.
Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
Alan Frew's genre is rock music.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russel KC.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second.
Robert E. Lee was a commander in the American Civil War.
Ace Wilder's musical genre is Hip hop which originated from funk music and has its stylistic origins in Disco.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham ( postcode area'B'). Birmingham's leader is Andrew Mitchell.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Andra is a rhythm and blues singer.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey in the United States. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny, a French national.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. Brazilians in Japan are one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and is from the Asajaya region.
Electroacoustic music is the genre of Aaron Turner, who played with the band Twilight.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!. The ethnic group of Romania is Germans of Romania.
The former name of 1089 Tama is `` A894 VA ; A904 VD ''.
Baked Alaska is from France where French is the national language and Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher are leaders. Baked Alaska can also be found in Hong Kong.
Rock musician Anders Osborne began his career in 1989 and is associated with artists Billy Iuso and Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. Osborne is associated with the Galactic band.
Sherf Zvi is the coach of Ashdod Maccabi B.C.
Paulo Sousa has been manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus FC, Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C and Inter Milan.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
109 Felicitas has an epoch date of December 31st 2006, an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 kilometres.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The ship AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises who are owned by Costa Crociere who are located in Genoa.
Julia Morgan designed the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
New Netherland City is part of New York.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language and one of the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino. Arabic is one of the languages used in the country.
Amarillo is part of Potter County in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, where English is spoken.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Karl Kesel is an American.
